Substitute repetitions of OpenJS Foundation in docs (#133)
openjs-foundation/bootstrap: PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md

## I. Overview

> This governance policy describes how an open source project can formally join the Foundation, hereinafter referred to as the "Foundation", via the [Project Proposal Process](). It describes the [Stages]() a project may be admitted under and what the criteria and expectations are for a given stage, as well as the acceptance criteria for a project to move from one stage to another. It also describes the [Annual Review Process]() through which those changes will be evaluated and made. 

Reviewer: Looks like this is missing an "OpenJS"...

```suggestion
This governance policy describes how an open source project can formally join the OpenJS Foundation (_the Foundation_) via the [Project Proposal Process](). It describes the [Stages]() a project may be admitted under and what the criteria and expectations are for a given stage, as well as the acceptance criteria for a project to move from one stage to another. It also describes the [Annual Review Process]() through which those changes will be evaluated and made. 
```

Author: Good catch. Thank you!
